Were deleting an article by clicking on the link from the article page which opens the delete artecoll
script.
In this script we're running the esky role that deletes the rijkaard from the database.
However we learnt earlier that if we're changing data on the server.
In other words inserting updating or deleting a record in the database we should be using the post farm
method when we click on a link.
Users get.
This is the link in the article script to the Delete article script.
However we can't make a hyperlink like this.
Use the post method they always use get.
We have to submit a farm so let's change this to use a farm instead of a link using the post method
and specifying the action as a delete script in the delete script.
Let's also make sure that this code isn't kalid Unless the post method is used.
So before we call the esky Well we'll check the post request method is being used and let's not forget
to close this code block at the end like that.
Now if we view an article we see a button instead of a link and if we click it it submits the form and
the record is deleted.
Just to make sure we can't delete an article.
If we're not using the post.
If we view an article and change the U R L to the Delete script
by passing in the same eidy when I press enter.
Nothing happens.
We can go back and the rijkaard hasn't been deleted.
We can only delete it if we use the post method by submitting the farm.